--- Metadata ---
{'title': 'VIP SUPPORT 2', 'id': '2097284', 'source': 'https://suphub-space.atlassian.net/spaces/VS2/overview', 'last_updated': '2025-06-11T14:13:52.248Z'}
--- Content ---
Welcome to VIP Support Space! VIP Support 2 has been created in order to gather, organize and provide all information regarding VIP procedures, rules, workflow, KPIs and communication best practices. ⬅️ You can navigate the Space via the page tree on the left, or jump right in and search for the procedure or answer you might need with the live search below. Search the Space Discover the Highlights https://marfatech.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VS2/pages/51932210094/Knowledge+Base?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiYTg5ZjdhYmQ4MjRjNGYwZTgzZmU1NTJiMTE0ZmExODIiLCJwIjoiYyJ9 Your go-to place to find the information on the most essential things from managing a Player’s Account to issueing Bonuses and so much more! https://marfatech.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VS2/pages/52192870442/Relations+Managers+Teams+Workflow+Guide?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiODYxMzgzNjU3YjFiNDMxZGIwNmNlMmUyYjRiZmY1MjMiLCJwIjoiYyJ9 Dive deeper into the routines and how-tos with the workflow guide , useful links, and KPIs . https://marfatech.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VS2/pages/52702380501/Tools?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNGU2MWRmZmFjNDllNGIzNzgzNTY2ZWRhNDFkZmFhYzYiLCJwIjoiYyJ9 Feeling lost with all those apps and accounts to juggle? We’ve collected all the relevant tool instructions , manuals , and use cases to help you out! https://marfatech.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VS2/pages/52616724726/VIP+Cases+VIP+Communication?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMTBjNTA5MDQxNDc5NDc2M2E3Y2I3Mjg0NDM5OWI4YWMiLCJwIjoiYyJ9 VIPs won’t be VIPs without a special touch. Here are some of the top tips on communication and case studies to learn from the experience. Stay Up-To-Date See Top 5 most recently updated pages to keep up with the news! Egg Challenge Jan 30, 2026 • contributed by Irina Tkachenko Flirtix Jan 30, 2026 • contributed by Irina Tkachenko Jira CX Complaints (CXC): Escalating (VIP) Jan 30, 2026 • contributed by Irina Tkachenko Self Exclusion Limit Jan 29, 2026 • contributed by Irina Tkachenko Slack Jan 29, 2026 • contributed by Irina Tkachenko Show More Share Your Feedback & Suggestions We have a dedicated Slack channel where we publish major updates to the VIP Support 2 and welcome your feedback, comments, and suggestions: vip-confluence-space-updates . Feel free to drop a line there if you have questions or struggle to find something. We are there to help ♥️