--- Metadata ---
{'title': 'Base Work: Google Sheets Filters', 'id': '2097396', 'source': 'https://suphub-space.atlassian.net/spaces/VS2/pages/2097396/Base+Work+Google+Sheets+Filters', 'last_updated': '2024-05-27T13:31:51.656Z'}
--- Content ---
When we work with Google sheets file (Excel/tables) it is vital that we not only understand filters but also to be able to use them to our advantage. The sheer volume of data in our files has to be filtered in order to be able to make sense of it. In this article, we will learn how to apply filters and what filters we have at our disposal. Filter Overview Applying filters: In a Google sheets file, filters can be enabled by clicking on the filter button (pic above). By default, the filters will be applied to the top row, which usually contain our categories. This is exactly what we want. Once the filter is enabled, what we can do is apply different criteria in order to filter unnecessary data out of view and only leave useful data visible on the file. To see the filter menu, simply click on the downward triangle: This is what you are going to see: Filter by values Highlighted by default and technically the most important filter. Here, we have a list of all the values, that are contained in the column. We can pick and chose which values to hide, so that only the ones we need remain visible on the file. To hide a value, we just need to remove the checkmark in front of it: This is particularly useful when we want to filter out the Disabled, Self-Excluded and Suspended players. Filter by condition: By far, the most powerful filter option. It allows us to use a condition by which to filter the data set. Conditions: Is empty - This will only leave the rows which contain an empty cell in the column we selected to filter Is not empty - This will only leave the rows which contain a cell that is not empty in the column we selected to filter. Example: We have removed all rows where VIP Team Tag cell was empty, effectively seeing only players who have the vipteam tag on. Text contains - This will only leave the rows where the cells in the column we selected to filter contain a specific word or number that we have entered in the field: As you can see, all cells in our example contain “42”. Any row which’s cell did not contain “42” was removed from sight. Note that the longer the number, the more precise the filter will be. Text does not contain - Same as before, but this time it will remove from sight the data where “42” is contained. Text starts with - Same as before, but it will look the text or number we have entered, in the beginning of the cell, rather than any part of it. This means that if we apply this filter with value “42”, we will only have 1 visible row: Text ends with - Same as before, but instead of looking for our value at the beginning of the cell, it will look for it at the end of the cell. Basically, the data contained in the cell should end with our desired value. Text is exactly - Same as before, but this time only cells with data that is an exact match of what we entered will be left visible. Date is / Date is before / Date is after - In case we have a column with dates, we can use this filter to fine-tune a search for a specific dates. NB! This filter only works if the column contains an actual date . If it contains a value that is not a date, the filter will not work. Greater than / Greater than or equal to / Less than / Less than or equal to / Is equal to / Is not equal to / Is between / Is not between - This filter can be used to narrow down the data to a specific prerequisite. For example, we want to know all the players who have deposited in a period between 2000 and 5000 EUR. To do that, we simply need to chose “Is between”. Custom formula is - This filter allows us to write the condition ourselves. For example, let’s say we want to know which players deposited this month more than the previous month. To do that, we need to apply a custom formula to the Deposit S Previous Month column. The formula in question is =IF(S:S>T:T, 1, 0) Note that “S:S” and “T:T” refer to a column. The columns may differ, and as such, please type in the columns that correspond to the data set you want to filter. This is where we enter the formula: The result is the following: Explanation how =IF(S:S>T:T, 1, 0) works. While we can use many custom formulas, let’s further analyse the formula that we used in the example: =IF(S:S>T:T, 1, 0) This is an IF condition formula. The syntax is the following IF(logical\_expression(check if it is TRUE or FALSE, value\_if\_true, value\_if\_false). As you can see, each IF condition requires 3 arguments. 1st argument is the comparison - a.k.a if something is true or not. The second argument will be done(value applied) if the condition is TRUE and the 3rd argument will be done(value applied) in the event the condition is FALSE(not true). As such, we first need a logical expression(comparison argument). In our case, it is S:S>T:T. Here, S:S means data from the ENTIRE S column. T:T is the data from the entire T column. DEPENDING ON YOUR FILE, THE COLUMNS MAY HAVE DIFFERENT LETTERS! As such, you need to modify the formula to accommodate for this! In the screenshots above, the formula denotes T and U columns. But it can actually be any column of your choice. To denote an entire column, you simply need to double the column letter with a : in-between. Example: A:A, B:B, C:C, etc. S:S>T:T means that the filter will compare every entry in the S column with its corresponding pair from the T column and check if the data in S column cell is bigger (>) than the data in the T column cell. Our second and third arguments are 1 and 0 respectively. If the condition is TRUE (the data in column S is indeed bigger than the data in column T), the filter will give 1. If the condition is not true, the filter will give 0. Due to the nature of how filters (and the code itself) in google sheets work, it will automatically hide any 0 results and will only leave results that were given a 1. In laymen terms, the syntax can be described as this: IF (“this condition is TRUE”, “do this”, “if not, do this”) If you are familiar with coding, this is technically the IF-DO-ELSE syntax. Now let’s check the top 3 conditions of the filter menu (the Sorting). Sort A to Z: This option will allow us to sort the values from lowest to highest (ascending order) Sort Z to A: This option will allow us to sort the values from highest to lowest (descending order) Sort by colour: In case we have coloured cells or text, we will be able to sort the coloured data using this option. It will group all the cells/text with the same colour that we have selected at the top of the table. The last filter option that we have at our disposal is: Filter by colour: If we have coloured cells/text, we can select them so that only the rows with the coloured cells/text will be showcased in our data set. Exercise: Here we have a test file from Tableau. You can download it and apply filters to it in order to test your filtering skills. Please check the tasks below and try to replicate them yourself (using the file here) You can access the file here. To be able to edit it, simply click on File → Make a Copy / or Save as Google Sheets. Once you do that, a version of the file will be saved to your drive and will be editable. The file contain 87 players (top row is a header, not a player ) How many of them are active? Remember! Active players are those players that are not Disabled, Self-Excluded or Suspended. Answer 86 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many players have available Balance? Answer 15 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many active players have received bonus from their manager in 2024? Answer 43 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many active players received a total of 10 or fewer bonuses from their Manager? Answer 54 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many active players withdrew less than 2500 EUR and more than 7500 EUR for the requested period? Answer 70 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many active players who made a total of 10000 EUR deposits or more for the period have also made a withdrawal of less than 10000 EUR for the same period? Answer 15 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! How many players who have received manager bonus has managed to wager them all? Answer 4 is the correct answer! If you got this, congrats! (if you applied the appropriate formula and got 5, please note that the question asks about players who have received a bonus. 1 of the players did not receive any bonus from their manager, so they should be excluded from the count)